ABOUT: What are Classic Pharaohs??
The Classic Pharaohs are a collection of 5,000 Pharaohs that are each unique and different from each other, it is the first unique project on the Ethereum Classic Blockchain that is not found anywhere else!! 



FAQS
1-What are NFTS?

A non-fungible token is a unique and non-interchangeable unit of data stored on a digital ledger. NFTs can be associated with easily-reproducible items such as photos, videos, audio, and other types of digital files as unique items, and use blockchain technology to give the NFT a public proof of ownership

2-What is $ETC ??

Ethereum Classic is the original Ethereum blockchain, an open source, blockchain-based distributed computing platform featuring smart contract functionality. It supports a modified version of Nakamoto consensus via transaction-based state transitions executed on a public Ethereum Virtual Machine.

3-How much do Classic Pharaohs cost?

1 Classic Pharaoh goes for 2 $ETC

4-How do I get a Classic Pharaoh?

To Mint you first need to connect your compatible wallet or access our site from your wallets address and click Mint and voila!!


Roadmap

Build and design the website and program the smart contract 
Build the ETC Pharaohs community twitter account and receive feedback
Launch minting to all of our 5,000 Pharaohs on 12/12
Completely sold out of Classic Pharaohs 
Hold Giveaways for the people that could not get a pharaoh
Donate 10% of the proceedings to a charity or a cause that the ETCarmy chooses 


The Founder:
Our founder is Ali Essa, a young college student that is extremely passionate about Ethereum Classic, He is of Egyptian descent and currently resides in the United States he has always been interested in CryptoCurrency and NFTS and most importantly $ETC, he is currently working as an operations manager for multiple businesses and he is planning to pursue a degree in Software engineering due to his extreme interest in software 

https://www.instagram.com/alii.essa/
https://twitter.com/ali22essa 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ali-m-essa-9b7165223